my boyfriend had always made me feel
like his one true love oh my queen until
one day in a moment of weakness he was
tempted by another I want you to see me
the only time he has ever said we need
to talk was when he warned me about Red
Dead Redemption to his release date like
it was the last day we'd ever see each
other
Red Dead made him lose track of so much
time made him talk so much like a cowboy
and made him kill so many Bambi's that I
started a YouTube channel where I could
complain about her in the seven months
since I've reviewed 32 games and now
consider myself a professional eye
watching someone else play them that's
why when my boyfriend told me he had a
hankering for another Rockstar Games I
still died a little inside but I died a
little inside with honor do you have any
last words it was a river of pain and
let me die
so this isn't a review of grand theft
auto 5 this is a review of what it's
like to live with someone who plays
grand theft auto 5 this video was
brought to you by Skillshare if you want
that sweet 2 month free trial hang out
till the end of the video a good news
everyone
grand theft auto 5 is a lot more fun to
watch than Red Dead Redemption to read
dead might be a more realistic emotional
experience that makes you feel like
you're in an academy award-winning
western movie arm themself but GTA is an
unrealistic farcical experience that
makes you feel like you're in a
raspberry award-winning movie never ever
good in heavy traffic
for example in Red Dead my boyfriend
would spend hours tracking and hunting
Cougars
but in GTA he would chase them up a
mountain in a stolen car
holy Grand Theft Auto you're a sick
Jaguar in a Jaguar in Red Dead he would
use cinematic mode to activate Auto
travel which meant I was basically just
staring at a pony ride but in GTA the
cinematic mode has no auto travel which
meant I was basically staring at a car
crash it's like to drive don't text and
drive folks you never know what's coming
around the corner Oh in Red Dead he was
devoted to immersion and treated every
moment as if he were an actual cowboy on
the American frontier he invested entire
real-life days into going fishing
camping avoiding my Commission's and
writing in his diary in GTA he was also
devoted to immersion and treated every
moment as if he were an actual resident
of Los Angeles California he invested
entire real-life days into never using
his turn signals rush lessons ended up
getting hired at a startup that over
spends on appearances while under paying
employees committing time septet said
starting and having a girlfriend who
sings along to pop radio every time they
get in the car
that was about GTA it's true all of it
the point I'm trying to make is that
even if your backseat gaming GTA 5 is
pure comedy and not just because the
plot is a ruthless satire on
contemporary stupidity oh god your pants
off or because the script is full of
low-hanging potty humor oh I saw his
dangler the real comedians were the
programmers who wrote their own satire
on the laws of physics
I imagine at some point during
development the director took a step
back and said wow this is the most
beautiful lifelike city ever constructed
in a video game we may only be decades
away from simulating a reality
indistinguishable from our own and on
that day
Rockstar will be no less than a god but
for now let's recode everything to be
wildly unreasonable this is supposed to
be this is the funniest gameplay I've
ever seen
I don't think five minutes can go by
without something completely absurd
happening like when we tried to play
fetch with chop that's the wrong way
chop he ran the opposite direction and
murdered someone no tell no wow he
killed it there's money on the ground or
how during a beautiful morning drive in
a smart car we became witness to a
high-speed chase let's watch this unfold
oh okay then became heroes in a
high-speed chase then became the culprit
in a high-speed chase hey are you guys
gonna use this car
[Music]
the entertainment value of just roaming
around doing whatever is so high that
getting my boyfriend to progress the
story was almost impossible
normally the whole up a minute moments
and video games are optional side-quests
that offer some sort of loot or reward
in GTA the whole of a minute moments
were random nonsense like trying to get
this yoga ball out of the house and into
the pool it doesn't float no it doesn't
it doesn't how's your scent flows no it
does we're finding a park and going for
a peaceful walk oh and for the first
time ever I ended up liking his whole of
the minutes more than the main quests
I'm going along the missions can be
incredibly fun particularly those where
you plan and execute a heist but the
missions can also be incredibly not that
way why would anyone want to tow a car
or stack shipping containers when they
can go off some sweet jumps at LAX and
no matter how good a mission might be it
will almost always involve driving to
the marker that starts the mission and
then getting right back in the car and
driving to where the mission actually
takes place
hey the car game when there's even a 10%
chance that all that driving will lead
to a menial task this is my favorite
mission it's called go to wrong it's
just easier to make your own son such as
off-roading in a hot pink sports car
this is such a moment right now I want
to do this in real life
music yeah or getting a lap dance oh
yeah in conclusion Grand Theft Auto 5 is
definitely the most consistently
entertaining backseat gaming experience
I've had so far Los Santos is a great
place to introduce a loved one to video
games in the same way that a playground
is a great place to introduce a toddler
to fun however it can be disgusting it
can be offensive and it can be violent
this has made a lot of people angry and
been widely regarded as a bad move and
it made six billion dollars the end and
now a message from our sponsor you may
know by now that my boyfriend Matt takes
all my weird thoughts and puts them into
script form that's because he has a
college degree in creative writing and I
don't but who needs fancy college
classes when their Skillshare Skillshare
is an online learning community for
creatives with more than 25,000 classes
in design business and more with a
Premium Membership you'll get unlimited
access so you can join all the classes
and communities that are perfect for you
whether you want to fuel your curiosity
creativity or even career skill share is
the perfect place to keep you learning
and thriving we love the creative
writing classes such as this class
format Bella sign writing for YouTube
isn't something that is taught in most
places and as content creators this is
extremely helpful scale share is also
super affordable a subscription will
cost you less than $10 a month join more
than 7 million creators learning with
skill share by clicking the link in the
description for your free two-month
trial of premium alright guys thanks for
watching I had so much fun playing GTA
with my boyfriend and all of you who
hang out with us on Twitch
be sure to follow us there if you want
to go behind the scenes or have a chat
with us we've just started playing
Monster Hunter world together and I have
no idea what's going on ok thanks again
bye
[Music]